descriptions/text.mdx, before:

export const description =
  "Automatically shield your browser from Plausible tracking from your websites.";

[Plausible Analytics][] is a privacy-friendly web analytics platform. As website owners, we would
like to shield ourselves from Plausible tracking from our own websites. While [Plausible provides
many ways to shield website owners](https://plausible.io/docs/excluding), it would be convenient if
we can share the list of websites we would like to shield from across all our devices.

This browser extension, Plausible Shield, does exactly this. You set a list of websites that you
would like to shield from, and Plausible Shield:

- automatically blocks Plausible tracking on these websites, and
- enables your browser to sync this list via [sync in
  Chrome](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/185277?hl=en&co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop),
  [Firefox Sync](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/features/sync/), or a similar feature from
  another browser.

## Screenshots

### Extension Settings

![](./screenshots/options.png)

### Shielded Page

![](./screenshots/page.png)

## How Do I Know the Extension is Working?

Under the hood, Plausible Shield blocks Plausible tracking using a [localStorage flag officially
supported by Plausible](https://plausible.io/docs/excluding-localstorage). You can visit your
website, fire up the browser console (<kbd>Ctrl+Shift+C</kbd>), and you should see the following
line at the top of the console:

> Ignoring Event: localStorage flag

## Changelog

### v0.2.0

- Fix a sync-related permission annoyance.

  Before this release, we used `optional_host_permissions`, which does not allow browsers to sync
  permissions granted to individual browser instances. This in some sense defeats the purposes of
  this extension because this extension won't be activated on the required URLs. Using
  `host_permissions` should be OK because security/privacy-aware users can change what sites are
  allowed in extension details page.

- Stop minifying the package for better transparency of what is being executed in browser.

### v0.1.0

Initial release.

_Plausible Shield is an open source project. If you are interested, feel free to check out the
[source code](https://github.com/8hobbies/plausible-shield)._

[Plausible Analytics]: https://www.plausible.io

Commit message:

Explain that browser needs restart when plausible is first synced in (#41)
chrome.storage.onChanged may not be triggered the first time the
extension data is synced in.

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/79256270/is-chrome-storage-onchanged-event-triggered-when-the-sync-storage-is-synced-in

descriptions/text.mdx, after:

export const description =
  "Automatically shield your browser from Plausible tracking from your websites.";

[Plausible Analytics][] is a privacy-friendly web analytics platform. As website owners, we would
like to shield ourselves from Plausible tracking from our own websites. While [Plausible provides
many ways to shield website owners](https://plausible.io/docs/excluding), it would be convenient if
we can share the list of websites we would like to shield from across all our devices.

This browser extension, Plausible Shield, does exactly this. You set a list of websites that you
would like to shield from, and Plausible Shield:

- automatically blocks Plausible tracking on these websites, and
- enables your browser to sync this list via [sync in
  Chrome](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/185277?hl=en&co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop),
  [Firefox Sync](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/features/sync/), or a similar feature from
  another browser.

**If Plausible Shield is synced for the first time to a new browser instance, you may need to
restart the browser to take effects.**

## Screenshots

### Extension Settings

![](./screenshots/options.png)

### Shielded Page

![](./screenshots/page.png)

## How Do I Know the Extension is Working?

Under the hood, Plausible Shield blocks Plausible tracking using a [localStorage flag officially
supported by Plausible](https://plausible.io/docs/excluding-localstorage). You can visit your
website, fire up the browser console (<kbd>Ctrl+Shift+C</kbd>), and you should see the following
line at the top of the console:

> Ignoring Event: localStorage flag

## Changelog

### v0.2.0

- Fix a sync-related permission annoyance.

  Before this release, we used `optional_host_permissions`, which does not allow browsers to sync
  permissions granted to individual browser instances. This in some sense defeats the purposes of
  this extension because this extension won't be activated on the required URLs. Using
  `host_permissions` should be OK because security/privacy-aware users can change what sites are
  allowed in extension details page.

- Stop minifying the package for better transparency of what is being executed in browser.

### v0.1.0

Initial release.

_Plausible Shield is an open source project. If you are interested, feel free to check out the
[source code](https://github.com/8hobbies/plausible-shield)._

[Plausible Analytics]: https://www.plausible.io
